Add info about known issue with back links from axe (#5029)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/back-link/index.md

Make sure all users can see the back link – the background colour must have a contrast ratio of at least 4.5:1 with white to meet [WCAG 2.2 success criterion 1.4.3 Contrast (minimum), level AA](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/contrast-minimum.html).

{{ example({ group: "components", item: "back-link", example: "inverse", html: true, nunjucks: true, open: false }) }}

## Research on this component

> We are not aware of any user issues with this component. However, it gets flagged by automated accessibility checkers.

Author: Yeah, active voice! :+1:

### Known issues and gaps

> We are aware that some accessibility checkers raise that [the back link is outside of landmarks](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/1604). It is raised as a best practice issue that "all page content should be contained by landmarks".

Reviewer: **suggestion** Tried to highlight that it is not a WCAG failure so we reassure users. Also turned the last part into an active sentence.

```suggestion
We are aware that some accessibility checkers raise that [the back link is outside of landmarks](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/1604). This does not affect WCAG compliance. However, it does not follow the best practice that "all page content should be contained by landmarks".
```

Reviewer: > I wonder if I should just remove the last sentence?

Do you mean "This issue does not affect WCAG compliance.". If a checker flags it as WCAG fail we'll probably need to help teams with some arguments about our position.

> However, in the case of the back link we have not had any reports that this is an issue for actual users.

Reviewer: **suggestion** Did we document our reasons to not introduce a landmark in a public space? We could point people there or add a sentence or two here.

Reviewer: Neat! If people ask more about how that makes the experience worse we can always expand the documentation at that time 😊
